# Reflections

I found this project to be a fun and interesting way to use my new computer skills and programs I have learned throughout this semester.  I was never interested in United States executions, but it seemed like a good topic I would be able to use, and I ended up learning a lot on the topic.  I would have never known or even guessed some of the results that came out or the fact that we did away with the death penalty for a short time.  The best part for me was creating all the visual aids to help show the results in comparison to each other, I had a great time using Tableau and if given the chance will enjoy using it again in the future.  I think this program and knowing how to use it can really help get your point across to people and help them to better understand what you’re showing them.  I did find trouble using Webscraper, it’s a great problem but wasn’t easy for me to get right away.  I only knew how to do a few simple things with the program and needed to try something I had not done before to get my graph to pull from the site correctly.

I believe there is much more room to work on this topic, I only scratched the surface.  Another or I could go much father back in history and see how the methods possible change over different time periods, I now know myself only looking at the last fifty years I was limited on what I could tell in the sense of long-term trends changing.  My initial findings and research proved to me there is enough information out there to at least go all the way back to the start of America.  Along with if someone better suited with Webscraper may be able to pull more information off sites, including information about victims and find out the reasons behind the death sentence.  I was not able to find these things out my first go about it but given more time and practice with said programs I hope to farther this research along. 
